Added doc for cross org sharing (#58)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/external-org-access.adoc

= External Organization Access
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Organizations that have their own, separate domains in Anypoint Platform can share resources with one another using external access lists of trusted organizations.

> This enables your organization to maintain an independent Anypoint Platform organization without keeping resources isolated from external organizations that have partnerships or shared projects.

Author: ```suggestion
This enables your organization to maintain an independent Anypoint Platform organization without keeping resources isolated from external organizations that have partnerships or shared projects. For example, when you add an external organization to your external access list, that organization can share resources with your organization through Anypoint Exchange. 
```

> This enables your organization to maintain an independent Anypoint Platform organization without keeping resources isolated from external organizations that have partnerships or shared projects. For example, when you add an external organization to your external access list, that organization can share resources with your organization through Anypoint Exchange. 

Author: ```suggestion
This enables your organization to maintain an independent Anypoint Platform organization without keeping resources isolated from external organizations that have partnerships or shared projects. For example, if your organization and another organization add each other to their external access lists, both organizations can share resources with each other through Anypoint Exchange. 
```

= External Organization Access
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Organizations that have their own, separate domains in Anypoint Platform can share resources with one another using external access lists of trusted organizations.

Reviewer: We should double check (with marketing?) if we're allowed to say "trusted" organizations, since "trust" is a special word in the Salesforce world.

Author: Actually, you're correct; I don't think we are permitted to do so. Might be good to think of an alternative regardless.

Reviewer 2: Maybe just "Organizations that have their own, separate domains in Anypoint Platform can share resources with one another using external access lists."

Author: ```suggestion
Organizations that have their own, separate domains in Anypoint Platform can share resources with one another using external access lists.
```

> Organizations that have their own, separate domains in Anypoint Platform can share resources with one another using external access lists of trusted organizations.

Reviewer 3: I don't know how aware customers are of domains. Do we introduce the concept to them anywhere?

Author: It's introduced here https://docs.mulesoft.com/access-management/organization#manage-master-organization-settings
but it wouldn't hurt to reacquaint them with the term.

> This enables your organization to maintain an independent Anypoint Platform organization without keeping resources isolated from external organizations that have partnerships or shared projects.

Reviewer: Value prop is unclear.

As an organization administrator, you can specify which external organizations can share resources with your organization.
In turn, an external organization that has your organization's unique domain name can add your organization to its list of trusted organizations so that your organization can share assets with it.

When an external organization elects to share resources with your organization, the external organization does not receive any information about your organization.

> Additionally, external organizations must have your organization's unique domain name to share resources.

Reviewer: This is not true; if you've whitelisted the external org, they will be able to look up your org by name (when sharing in Exchange). I think it's okay to exclude this info altogether and mention it on the Exchange side.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Additionally, external organizations must have your organization's unique domain name to share resources.

Reviewer 3: Domain names are semi-public info.

> In turn, an external organization that has your organization's unique domain name can add your organization to its list of trusted organizations so that your organization can share assets with it. Both organizations must have one another on their external access lists to share resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In turn, an external organization that has your organization's unique domain name can add your organization to its external access list so that your organization can share assets with it. Both organizations must have one another on their external access lists to share resources.
```

You can view your organization's unique domain name in the *External Access* page in *Access Management*.

> You should share your organization's unique domain name with another organization only if you trust that organization.

Reviewer 3: Sharing your organization's domain name doesn't give anyone else access to your org. This makes it sound like a scary thing. Customers should not be trying to keep their domain names secret.

Author: ```suggestion
```

== Add an Organization as a Trusted Organization

When you add an organization to your list of trusted organizations, that organization can share resources with your organization.
The external organization can revoke your organization's access to its resources anytime.

> You should add an organization to your list of trusted organizations only if you trust the external organization.

Reviewer 4: this looks like repeat of line 16

Author: Line 16 addresses giving out your org's domain name, whereas this one addresses adding someone else's org to your whitelist.

To add an external organization to your list of trusted organizations:

. From the *Access Management* home page, click the *External Access* tab.
. In the *External Access* page, click *Add organization*.

> . Enter the unique domain name of the organization from which you want to receive resources. If you do not know the domain name, contact the organization administrator for that organization.

Reviewer 3: > receive resources

I don't know what the proper phrasing should be, but users don't receive resources. Users receive access to resources within the other org - they share with you but maintain ownership

Reviewer 2: Perhaps "Enter the unique domain name of the organization whose resources you want to view."?

Author: ```suggestion
. Enter the unique domain name of the organization whose resources you want to view. If you do not know the domain name, contact the organization administrator for that organization.
```

Author: Thanks, Will :)

. Click *Add*.

> == Delete an Organization from your Trusted Organizations

Reviewer: Remove instead of Delete?

Author: ```suggestion
== Remove an Organization from your Trusted Organizations
```

> When you remove an organization from your list of trusted organizations, your organization and the external organization can no longer share resources with each other.

Author: ```suggestion
When you remove an organization from your list of trusted organizations: 

* Your organization and the external organization can no longer share resources with each other.
```

> Also, your organization can no longer access resources that were previously shared by that organization. The external organization also loses access to resources that your organization shared. 

Reviewer 2: This is minor, but it might be good to use a list here and not repeat the word "also".

When you remove an organization from your list of trusted organizations:
- Your organization and the external organization can no longer share resources with each other.
- Your organization can no longer access resources that were previously shared by that organization.
- The external organization can no longer access resources that your organization shared with them.

Author: I'm into it.

> Also, your organization can no longer access resources that were previously shared by that organization. The external organization also loses access to resources that your organization shared. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Your organization can no longer access resources that were previously shared by that organization. 
* The external organization also loses access to resources that your organization shared. 
```

To remove an external organization from your list of trusted organizations:

. From the *Access Management* home page, click the *External Access* tab.
. In the *External Access* page, select *...* next to the name of the organization you want to remove.
. Click *Remove organization*.

> . Click *Yes, remove*.

Reviewer 3: Will we have screenshots in the final docs?

Author: I wasn't planning on adding any. Do you think we need them? The UX is pretty straightforward for now.

= External Organization Access
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Organizations that have their own, separate domains in Anypoint Platform can share resources with one another using external access lists.
This enables your organization to maintain an independent Anypoint Platform organization without keeping resources isolated from external organizations that have partnerships or shared projects. For example, if your organization and another organization add each other to their external access lists, both organizations can share resources with each other through Anypoint Exchange.

As an organization administrator, you can specify which external organizations can share resources with your organization.
In turn, an external organization that has your organization's unique domain name can add your organization to its external access list so that your organization can share assets with it. Both organizations must have one another on their external access lists to share resources.

> When an external organization elects to share resources with your organization, the external organization does not receive any information about your organization.

Author: ```suggestion
```
